Someone once asked me
what universe this was.
A strange question that
stuck with me all these years later.
All I could say for sure
was it was the only one I knew of.
And that was as true then as it is now.
Am I an extraordinary man?
Yes.
Am I an ordinary man?
I'm both. I'm neither.
But aren't we all?
New York.
I grew up in this city.
I learned to fight in this city.
Get him!
And I fell in love in this city.
A mistake I'll never make again.
I used to be The Spider.
this city's hero.
Always on guard.
always ready to swoop in
and save the day.
That ended when Ruby died.
We were going to be married in the spring.
I even bought a ring to make it official.
A ring I never had the chance to give her.
Ruby once told me that
with great power
comes great responsibility.
Well. she was the greatest responsibility
I ever had.
And I failed her.
The Spider failed her.
After that. I didn't want
the power or the responsibility.
So I went back to being
just an ordinary man.
That was five years ago.
What do you think?
I think you got a bingo.
Say. you're kinda handsome.
Now I'm questioning your eyesight.
Funny. too.
So. you got a wife?
- No.
- Shame.
I got a husband.
Not that it's ever stopped me
from having a good time.
Know what I mean?
I've got a decent idea.
When your husband gets the same idea.
tell him to give me a call.
Okay.
Excuse me. sir? Sir!
You forgot your hat.
Thank you.
You keep following me.
it won't end the way you want it to.
It never does.
Addison!
Sorry. pal. Hey.
Don't do it. Addison.
I'm as liable to shoot you
as I am to give chase.
Damn it!
My God. is he dead?
Sir. sir. you shouldn't.
- You really shouldn't.
- Where did they go? Which way?
It's not my fault you ripped off
the wrong people. Addison.
Now. come on. let's go. It's getting late
and it smells like shit back here.
I tried to warn you.
What?
Whoa.
Now you're gonna burn.
Jesus. Mary and Joseph.
… No. My God!
Whoa. whoa!
Okay.
That man was completely on fire.
I've never seen such a thing.
Should've known it was fishy
they offered me 50 bucks
to track down a nobody.
Who hired you guy named Winston?
- Yeah.
- Bastard only offered me 30.
I need a drink. You?
Sure. Nothing too fancy. All I got is.
Three bucks.
Come on. Donegal. I know a joint.
Might even have a girl for you.
If you like train wrecks.
I must.
'cause I keep marrying 'em.
Morning.
It was.
Now it's a mediocre afternoon.
headed towards
a lousy evening. Coffee?
You got anything a little harder?
That's what I keep asking my husband.
- You can just pour it right in.
- That's just it
you really can't.
- Any calls?
- Well. to receive calls.
you got to pay Ma Bell.
Till then. that's just a paperweight.
How'd it go with Addison?
Wow. That well?
Addison's dead.
- You...
- No.
Some other guy. This goddamn city.
You open?
- No!
- Yes!
I tried calling. but it didn't
- seem to go through.
- Mr.-Mr. Reilly believes that
business is better conducted face-to-face.
Wouldn't you agree. Mister…?
Carmedy.
Right this way. Mr. Carmedy.
It's about my wife.
You a rich man. Mr. Carmedy?
No. Not particularly.
Possessed of a keen wit. then?
Look. I heard my wife
on the phone this afternoon.
She's gonna meet
this so-and-so at 8:00 tonight.
I even got the address. Look. look. look.
I do love a client who comes prepared.
So you'll do it? You'll take the case?
Okay. Carmedy.
my rate's ten dollars a day. plus.
But you'll get pictures. right?
Cause without pictures it's basically
just a-a "he said. she said" situation.
I'm sure your suspicions are unfounded.
Mr. Carmedy.
but if it comes to it. don't you fret.
Ben's an ace photographer.
Never miss a shot.
Ten dollars a day.
Plus expenses.
Janet'll get your info and a small retainer.
Come back day after tomorrow and…
I'll give you what you want.
Thank you.
Come on. Mr. Carmedy.
let's get that info and that retainer?
Explosion at Standard Oil.
Read all about it.
Explosion. here. at Standard Oil.
Sorry I'm late. I was chasing a story.
Some other mobster
is finally making a move on Silvermane.
Burned down his mansion
a couple of nights ago.
killed six of his men.
and somehow. the old bastard escaped.
You think Finn Byrne
likes being called Silvermane?
Thinks it speaks to I don't know
gravitas and longevity?
If I ever get that rich. you call me
- anything you want.
- That-That's a used pickle...
So. what you hiding over there
another cheating spouse?
Thought you said you weren't gonna
take those anymore.
I haven't paid Janet in months.
Beggars can't be choosers.
Says the man who has chosen
to be a beggar. For Chrissakes. Ben
Robbie. not today. okay? Not again.
Have you seen it out there?
The city's a mess.
Ever since The Spider disappeared.
Silvermane's got this city by the throat.
Crime is out of control
and the police
are completely in his pocket.
Now. the people
the people could use a hero.
Well...
I hope they find someone.
- You used to be.
- I know who I used to be.
And I know who I am now.
There's always gonna
be another Silvermane. Robbie.
There's no point in fighting it.
I can't help but wonder what Ruby would
think if she heard you talking like that.
Ruby's been dead a long time.
I don't care what she'd think anymore.
Hey. Frankie. you're out early today.
Hey. Reilly. how you doing?
You know. I've been
practicing my pocket tricks.
Yeah? How's that going?
You tell me.
Dames?
What would you know?
Lots. I'm wise behind these ears.
Smarts like that.
maybe think about going to school.
Who needs it? A plus B equals C.
You don't do math with letters. kid.
Donegal. Reilly.
Listen. I think we should
talk about last night.
So. what's this proposition
you got for me?
We left a man dead last night.
Feels like that could be trouble
coming down the tracks
or an opportunity worth pursuing.
Either way.
I think we should know more
about who hired us
and why they wanted him so bad.
So you got a plan. then?
Kinda.
Can you be sober by 9:00 a.m. tomorrow?
Hi. handsome. Long time no see.
By the morning?
Sure.
Get your evening edition.
Silvermane survives in skivvies.
Thank you. sir.
Hot off the presses.
Silvermane survives in skivvies.
Ever since The Spider disappeared.
Silvermane has had
a choke hold on this city.
murdering anyone that gets in his way.
But one brave soul tried to free us
from the mobster's reign of terror.
setting fire to Silvermane's mansion
while he was asleep upstairs.
But he failed to kill the old bastard.
so brace yourself for a bloody rampage
from Silvermane and his goons.
If only The Spider were here
to save us from the madness.
Damn. Robbie.
Give it a rest. would you?
Evening. sir. How can I help you?
I got a delivery for Boris Karloff.
Sorry. bud. Karloff don't live here.
No. sure he does.
He might be listed under his stage name.
Stein.
Frank N. Stein.
All right. Don't bother. I'll see myself out.
No. stop.
- Come on... Come on.
- No.
Gimme something.
Get off of me!
Come here!
What the hell?
He's here early.
You're late.
Go. Go.
Morning. Winston.
Care for a cup of coffee
or maybe some tea
or do you just want to order both
and see which one comes first?
Save your breath. Reilly.
You told me you know where Addison is.
so take your money and talk.
Actually. the price has gone up.
Excuse me?
The other PI you hired
told me offered him 50.
so I'm not telling you
for a penny less than 200.
Cute.
But give me one good reason
I shouldn't plug you.
How about 38 reasons?
It's actually a .32.
but I doubt your organs
will know the difference.
Now. a guy like you in a suit like that
you didn't cook this up on your own.
So. why don't you go back
to whoever it is that sent you
and find me 200 dollars.
And then I'll tell you where Addison is.
And I'll keep the .30 as a tip.
Janet'll keep the .30 as a tip.
Cute.
Real cute.
Funny.
Guy burns down my house.
tries to kill me...
Makes me feel young again.
Did Reilly tell you where Addison is?
A shakedown.
He won't tell me where Addison is
unless he gets more cash.
Pay him whatever he wants.
The boys are convinced
Addison's got some kind of powers.
If he does. I want to talk to him.
Do whatever it takes.
Find Addison.
Hot damn! Can you believe our luck?
Sadly. yes.
Stepping into a steaming pile of dog shit
is kind of my specialty.
Are you daft?
Byrne's the deepest pockets in New York.
We're the only ones
who know Addison's dead.
We can ask for a thousand now.
Shake down Silvermane? It's an idea.
Thing is. I've got
this crazy preference for being alive.
You do what you want.
I'm leaving this one alone.
You're a coward. Reilly.
Fortune favors the bold.
And look how poor I am.
I'm in here.
How'd that go?
Dead end.
How about this?
Interesting.
You got some great shots.
I couldn't resist.
I do have one question. though.
Am I crazy or is that
the goddamn mayor of New York?
I believe in you.
the hardworking man
trying to earn a decent living.
I believe in you. the dedicated woman.
Our city has hit hard times.
We've lost our heroes.
It feels like no one is coming to help us.
But I believe we can
be our own heroes. together.
You sure
she didn't meet up with anybody?
Like I said. your... wife
was alone the entire night.
What about 8:00 p.m.? The-the Redcliff?
What was that all about?
Come on. Carmedy. smile.
This is great news.
- No. I-I know. I know. I just...
- I get it.
Marriage can be a terrifying endeavor.
opening yourself up
to another person like that.
making yourself vulnerable.
I don't even feel good
about taking your money.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Go home. Carmedy.
You have a beautiful…
And loyal wife.
You know how loyal she is.
You're a very lucky man.
- Yeah?
- Now go home.
We needed that money.
I don't know if you're aware.
but there's a Depression going on.
I'm aware. but whatever that was.
I want nothing to do with it.
Who do you think he was?
Who knows?
Someone trying to smear the mayor.
And that woman
if she's not Mrs. Carmedy.
then who the hell is she?
The only thing I can say
with any certainty
is she isn't married
to that syphilitic walrus.
Another headache?
That sixth sense thing?
You should listen to it.
Long as I've known you
it's never steered you wrong.
I'd love to. Trouble is I'm not currently
sure what it's trying to tell me.
Hang on.
I can hear it.
It's saying...
"Pay your secretary." Except you can't.
'cause you just gave away the only money
we've made all month.
You're at the top of my list.
Yeah. well. you better
do something about it soon.
I just interviewed
for a sales position at Gimbels.
Blame my husband.
He has this annoying habit
of demanding food on a daily basis.
What about selling the photographs
to the woman?
You want to steer clear of the mayor.
that's fine.
but maybe
there's still some cash to be had.
Blackmail?
That's not a terrible idea.
It's not a good idea.
but it's not a terrible idea.
Yeah. I shit you not.
she had me covered in whipped cream
all the way up to here.
Girl. Robbie'll do anything
to get the story.
Jesus. you look like shit.
More than usual. is what I'm saying.
- Nice to see you. too.
- What's so important
it couldn't wait till I was back downtown?
Any chance you know who this is?
You must be joking.
That's Cat Hardy.
Back in the day.
you wouldn't have had to ask.
Five minutes. Drawer three.
What are you looking for. anyway?
Some poor sap
got knocked off a few nights ago.
Friend gave me a tip
something's off with the body.
Might be a story in it.
Say. you might want to look away.
Any idea where I can find
this Cat Hardy lady?
Yeah.
Now. she is the star attraction
over at The Alcove.
That is weird.
Say. does this look like
a guy who died in a fire to you?
No. but he sure as hell did. I was there.
And?
They ID him yet?
James Addison.
Shit.
So. if they know. the cops'll know.
and then Silvermane will know
that Donegal is trying to rip him off.
Do me a favor. Hold off on printing that.
I want to warn a friend
before he gets himself killed.
What? It's just a migraine.
What's going on. Ben?
Did this guy have super powers?
Is he like you?
Forget about it. Robbie. He's dead.
Did Donegal say when he'd be back?
He didn't say shit.
That's what I told the other fellas
and that's what I'm telling you.
If he comes in. tell him to meet
Ben Reilly at The Alcove. 9:00 p.m.
Tell him it's important.
Old Fashioned.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Cat Hardy.
Damn it. Donegal. Where the hell are you?
Wake him up.
That ain't gonna be so easy.
He's dead.
Told you I had a killer right.
Sorry. boss.
Evening. friend.
I'm not interested
in revenge or retribution.
So I'm going to make this quick. Okay?
Now. now. there's nothing to cry about.
I'd just like to hear where Addison is.
Do you know?
I shot him dead.
He had some kind of crazy powers.
- He burst into flames.
- And what about
the name of the man
who hired Addison to kill me?
I...
I don't know.
Fair enough.
It's all over.
It's done.
Go to the morgue.
Make sure Addison is really dead.
And bring me the other private dick.
Reilly?
He don't know any more than this guy.
Then he's got
nothing to worry about then. does he?
Do you mind?
Please.
I loved your performance.
Thanks. doll.
Is there somewhere we can talk?
Here suits me.
It's business.
I wasn't aware we had any. Mister…?
Reilly.
It concerns your trip
to The Redcliff last night.
Flint.
Wh Now. I-I'm trying to help you.
I
Mr. Reilly. I'd like you
to meet my friend. Flint Marko.
He's - A gorilla?
Do you mind?
- Slowly.
- The ape speaks. Incredible.
I thought you might find that useful.
- Everything. okay. Ms. Hardy?
- Yes.
Mr. Reilly's a very nice man.
but he was just about to leave.
- Who told you that?
- That you were leaving?
- That I'm nice.
- Just a hunch.
Maybe you can confirm it by leaving
without messing up Flint's tie.
He really struggles with a double Windsor
and I just painted my nails.
Sharpened 'em. too.
And don't trouble yourself. Flint.
I'm happy to make my exit
without either of your fists
busting my eye sockets.
Take another look at that
and perhaps tomorrow
we can discuss the price of the negatives
over lunch. I might even pay.
seeing as I'm such a nice guy.
I suppose you think you're pretty clever.
No. actually. most days
I think I should just
stick my head in the oven
and get it over with.
Well. what's stopping you?
Simple. I'm a coward.
Spare some change for a hungry orphan boy?
I got to tail? White suit?
Sure do. mister. Thanks.
Some view up here.
You can see the lights
all the way from Jersey.
I'd like those negatives. please.
Cutting right to it?
You don't even want to catch your breath?
Mister. despite what I do for a living.
I really don't enjoy hurting people.
Then don't.
I know a terrific hamburger joint.
open all night.
Let's sit. Talk it over.
So you're not hungry. How about a drink?
Last chance.
Opium?
Why be stubborn?
One way or another.
you're gonna give me those negatives.
- It doesn't have to be like this.
- You're right. You could stop punching me.
The negatives or I drop you.
Well. the thing is...
I'm not really scared of heights.
Jesus...
Flint?
Don't hurt him.
- Where am I?
- Flint?
Are you okay?
What happened?
What the hell is this?
Just leave us alone. please.
Here are the negatives. On the house.
I can't
believe you gave her the negatives.
And for free.
Don't you think you're overreacting?
No. Ben.
This is what reacting looks like.
It's the physical response to a stimulus.
You just haven't felt it in half a decade.
That's actually my lamp.
My-my... my aunt gave it to me.
You're afraid of the mob sure.
Don't want to piss off the mayor fine.
But a lounge singer?
I told you. there were
extenuating circumstances.
I have given you so much room.
Airplanes have less runway.
But at a certain point.
when someone tells you what they are.
you have to listen.
And what is he?
Retired.
Cat Hardy.
Meet my secretary. Janet Ruiz.
Ex-secretary. I just quit.
Shame. I came here to offer him a job.
My friend Flint
the one you met last night
he's disappeared.
Fifty dollar retainer. up front.
Then it's ten a day. plus expenses.
My friend Flint
the one you met last night?
He's disappeared.
He turned into sand.
right?
Just seems like. kind of like a big deal.
You're an investigator.
Investigate.
She is hiding something.
You know. sometimes I think
you forget I do this for a living.
Come on.
What the hell is going on?
I can't get into it right now.
Suddenly you're not the only guy
in New York with powers.
and you can't get into it right now?
The Spider appears
to have forgotten who runs this town.
We've got a fight coming.
I want you to help me.
We have a man nobody can stop.
It's the best damn show
in town.
- What about The Spider?
- The Spider?
Yeah. right.
Look. maybe... maybe. maybe. maybe.
The Spider is a guy like anyone else.
You ever think about that?
Crime is out of control.
The city needs order.
You have a choice.
You just have to make it.
Cha-cha! Ha.
Did you see that?
I kicked them into kingdom co...
This is a part of me I wish never existed.
Because with no power
comes no responsibility.